[DOC-13615]: Add Eventing Service updates to What's New for version 8.0 (#3912)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/introduction/partials/new-features-80.adoc

+
For more information, see xref:n1ql:n1ql-language-reference/infer.adoc[INFER].

[#section-new-feature-800-eventing-service]
=== Eventing Service

> https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-56835[MB-56835]::

Reviewer: MB-56835 is a private ticket, we shouldn't be mentioning private tickets in the release notes or What's New, even if the feature itself is public.

> *Scope-Level Configuration*:::
> Configurations can now be defined at the bucket, or scope level using the endpoint:
> +
> `api/v1/config?bucket=[bucketName]&scope=[scopeName]`.
> +
> Customers can set options like `enable_curl` or `enable_debugger` at the function-scope or bucket level.
> 
> *Node Configuration for Eventing Functions*:::
> Customers can configure the number of nodes on which an eventing function within a function scope executes using the `+num_nodes_running+` setting. This can be set at function_scope config level
> * By default, all functions run on all nodes.
> * If `+num_nodes_running+` is set, the system will attempt to run the function on the specified number of nodes. If fewer nodes are available, the function will run on all available nodes.

Reviewer: This is all true, but probably much too long for the What's New page. I would squash it down to:

```suggestion
You can now specify service configuration settings globally, or at the scope level.
A new service configuration setting enables you to how many Eventing nodes are used to execute the functions in scope.
For more information, see xref:eventing-rest-api:index.adoc#tag-ServiceConfig[Service Config].
```
